README.md, before:

# hierohands-archetype
Customisation of Archetype framework for Hieroglyphic Hands research project

https://github.com/kingsdigitallab/hierohands-archetype

# Pre requisites

* linux environment (ubuntu/debian)
* python2, with pip and virtualenv
* postgresql 9+
* git
* nodejs > npm > lessc, typescript

# Local deployment

## pull code

```
cd AROOT # AROOT is the root path where you'll install archetype
git clone -b develop git@github.com:kcl-ddh/digipal.git digipal_github
git clone git@github.com:kingsdigitallab/hierohands-archetype.git
```

## project folders

```
cd AROOT
cd hierohands-archetype
ln -s ../digipal_github/digipal
ln -s ../digipal_github/digipal_text
ln -s ../digipal_github/build
```

## pythonvirtual environment
```
cd AROOT
python2 -m virtualenv venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install -r hierohands-archetype/build/requirements.txt
```

## database
```
sudo su postgres
psql
create user app_hierohands_archetype with password 'XXX';
\q
createdb -E 'utf-8' -T template0 -O app_hierohands_archetype app_hierohands_archetype_lcl
```

## local_settings.py

local_settings.py SHOULD NOT be part of github repo, it is reserved for any sensitive information like database connections, address to image server, etc. and for anything specific to a particular instance of your site.

settings_sriba.py contains your project customisations, anything which is not sensitive and is shared between all instances (local, development, staging, live) of the projects.

## create db tables
`pipenv shell`
`./manage.py migrate`

# run server
`./manage.py runserver`

# browse your site

open browser as http://localhost:8000/

Commit message:

removed dummy database. updated gitignore to ignore sqlite db.

README.md, after:

# hierohands-archetype
Customisation of Archetype framework for Hieroglyphic Hands research project

https://github.com/kingsdigitallab/hierohands-archetype

# Pre requisites

* linux environment (ubuntu/debian)
* python2, with pip and virtualenv
* postgresql 9+
* git
* nodejs > npm > lessc, typescript

# Local deployment

## pull code

```
cd AROOT # AROOT is the root path where you'll install archetype
git clone -b develop git@github.com:kcl-ddh/digipal.git digipal_github
git clone git@github.com:kingsdigitallab/hierohands-archetype.git
```

## project folders

```
cd AROOT
cd hierohands-archetype
ln -s ../digipal_github/digipal
ln -s ../digipal_github/digipal_text
ln -s ../digipal_github/build
```

## pythonvirtual environment
```
cd AROOT
python2 -m virtualenv venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install -r hierohands-archetype/build/requirements.txt
```

## database
Use sqlite, local_settings.py will have this block

```
DATABASES = {
    'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.sqlite3',
        'NAME': 'app_hierohands_lcl',
    },
}
```

OR, if you prefer to use postgresql

```
sudo su postgres
psql
create user app_hierohands_archetype with password 'XXX';
\q
createdb -E 'utf-8' -T template0 -O app_hierohands_archetype app_hierohands_archetype_lcl
```

and modify local_settings.py accordingly

## Settings files

hierohands/local_settings.py SHOULD NOT be part of github repo, it is reserved for any sensitive information like database connections, address to image server, etc. and for anything specific to a particular instance of your site.

hierohands/settings_hierohands.py contains your project customisations, anything which is not sensitive and is shared between all instances (local, development, staging, live) of the projects.

hierohands/settings.py: leave this as it is

digipal/settings.py: leave this as it is; it contains the fully generic / default settings for any digipal instance

## minimal DB setup

`./manage.py migrate`
`./manage.py createsuperuser`

# run server
`./manage.py runserver 0:8001`

# browse your site

open browser as http://localhost:8001/
